minor doc improvements (#2006)
tox-dev/tox: docs/development.rst

    tox -e py -- -k "test_extra"

Some tests require additional dependencies to be run, such is the various shell activators (``bash``, ``fish``,

> ``powershell``, etc). These tests will be skipped automatically if these are not present, note however that in CI

Author: ```suggestion
``powershell``, etc). The tests will be skipped automatically if the dependencies are not present, note however that in CI
```

> ``powershell``, etc). The tests will be skipped automatically if the dependencies are not present, note however that in CI

Author: ```suggestion
``powershell``, etc). The tests will be skipped automatically if the dependencies are not present. Please note however that in CI
```

Automated testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

All pull requests and merges to the ``master`` branch are tested using
`GitHub Actions <https://github.com/features/actions>`_ (configured by ``check.yml`` file inside the

> ``.github/workflows`` directory). You can find the status and results to the CI runs for your

Author: ```suggestion
``.github/workflows`` directory). You can find the status and the results to the CI runs for your
```

> PR on GitHub's Web UI for the pull request. You can also find links to the CI services' pages for the specific builds in

Author: ```suggestion
PR on GitHub's Web UI for the pull request. You can also find links for the CI services' pages for the specific builds in
```

``docs/changelog/1234.bugfix.rst`` and ``docs/changelog/1234.remove.rst``). Likewise if a PR touches multiple issues/PRs
you may create a file for each of them with the same contents and :pypi:`towncrier` will deduplicate them.

Contents of a changelog entry
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The content of this file is reStructuredText formatted text that will be used as the content of the changelog entry.
You do not need to reference the issue or PR numbers here as towncrier will automatically add a reference to all of
the affected issues when rendering the changelog.

In order to maintain a consistent style in the ``changelog.rst`` file, it is preferred to keep the entries to the
point, in sentence case, shorter than 120 characters and in an imperative tone -- an entry should complete the sentence
``This change will …``. In rare cases, where one line is not enough, use a summary line in an imperative tone followed
by a blank line separating it from a description of the feature/change in one or more paragraphs, each wrapped
at 120 characters. Remember that a changelog entry is meant for end users and should only contain details relevant to an
end user.

> as trivial a contributor simply needs to add a randomly named, empty file to the ``docs/changelog/`` directory with the

Author: ```suggestion
```

``docs/changelog/1234.bugfix.rst`` and ``docs/changelog/1234.remove.rst``). Likewise if a PR touches multiple issues/PRs
you may create a file for each of them with the same contents and :pypi:`towncrier` will deduplicate them.

Contents of a changelog entry
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The content of this file is reStructuredText formatted text that will be used as the content of the changelog entry.
You do not need to reference the issue or PR numbers here as towncrier will automatically add a reference to all of
the affected issues when rendering the changelog.

In order to maintain a consistent style in the ``changelog.rst`` file, it is preferred to keep the entries to the
point, in sentence case, shorter than 120 characters and in an imperative tone -- an entry should complete the sentence
``This change will …``. In rare cases, where one line is not enough, use a summary line in an imperative tone followed
by a blank line separating it from a description of the feature/change in one or more paragraphs, each wrapped
at 120 characters. Remember that a changelog entry is meant for end users and should only contain details relevant to an
end user.

> don't change anything as far as the public is concerned, typo fixes, white space modification, etc. To mark a PR

Author: ```suggestion
```

``docs/changelog/1234.bugfix.rst`` and ``docs/changelog/1234.remove.rst``). Likewise if a PR touches multiple issues/PRs
you may create a file for each of them with the same contents and :pypi:`towncrier` will deduplicate them.

Contents of a changelog entry
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The contents of this file are reStructuredText formatted text that will be used as the content of the changelog entry.

Author: ```suggestion
The content of this file is reStructuredText formatted text that will be used as the content of the changelog entry.
```

You do not need to reference the issue or PR numbers here as towncrier will automatically add a reference to all of
the affected issues when rendering the changelog.

In order to maintain a consistent style in the ``changelog.rst`` file, it is preferred to keep the entries to the
point, in sentence case, shorter than 120 characters and in an imperative tone -- an entry should complete the sentence
``This change will …``. In rare cases, where one line is not enough, use a summary line in an imperative tone followed
by a blank line separating it from a description of the feature/change in one or more paragraphs, each wrapped
at 120 characters. Remember that a changelog entry is meant for end users and should only contain details relevant to an
end user.

> Choosing the type of changelog entries
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
